# Economy
Private Guide (may become public when completed) for speccing out a programming project.  current workshop holder for test release is here:  http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=504209260&amp;devcomment=1&amp;tscn=1440323237   Guide will evolve into instruction manual for mod.   Summary:  Short term - Basically it is a plan for a mod that Takes my fictional space engineers "Blue Mining Inc" trading company, and makes it into a "RPG" trade / economy themed mod for players to use to trade ores and goods with each other. Much like a commodity market. It will use a fictional "in game currency" which you get by selling ores and materials. Which can be used to purchase other ores and materials. This is the main aim of the mod. Potentially more than one "market" could exist depending on how the "trade block" is designed, allowing for "Elite style" trade between trade stations on one server.   Medium Term - Another possible feature may also be a "mission" or "bounty" type system, where a player is paid for completing a task or killing/capturing a particular player/ship/station. However this is outside the core purpose of the mod. Players will be able to directly pay other players, so "bounties" kill/capture X could simply be done via the faction chat interface or lcd screen interface and paid manually on proving they completed the task.   Long term - it may (i use the term loosely as this may well be impossible to do) even evolve into a website script giving players and server admins a web front end to their game server for buying and selling their mined ores/materials/blueprints/spacehips/stations. So players can for example mine a pile of ore, dock at a trade station, alt-tab to a web browser, where the trade station has a web based front end, where he can see his ship is docked, sell his ore, and use the money to buy some other item or structure, and load it on his ship, then alt-tab back to the game, and his balance has updated, his cargo ship has been (or is) loading the purchased commodity into its cargo hold, and his shiny new ship is being delivered to his requested coordinates. This could work by using two "read only" work files, file one is only writeable by the mod, file two is only writable by the webserver script. These contain a queue of "tasks" such as load ore pay money etc, which once the queue is completed the mod creates a "flag" file to let the webscript clear the file. The same could work in reverse too.   Please ignore for now. (unless you are contributing or offering suggestions to the project) 
